Enhance documentation (especially for `Settings` and `Transport`) (#241)
iiasa/ixmp4: doc/source/setup.rst

The **ixmp4** package provides an interface to local and server-based database instances.

After installing **ixmp4**, you have to configure access to any non-public database instances.

Connections to a server-based database
--------------------------------------

> To connect to an **ixmp4 database** hosted by IIASA, you have to provide your username

Reviewer: according to https://iiasa-energy-program-ece-docs--241.com.readthedocs.build/projects/ixmp4/en/241/usage/cli.html#iiasa-infrastructure authentication is only necessary for non-public IIASA hosted platforms, so I"d mention this here as well.

```suggestion
To connect to a non-public **ixmp4 database** hosted by IIASA, you have to provide your username
```
